## Castle Corenia

```
Since the moment you were discovered by your orb of light you've known it was your destiny to meet and seek 
audience with the king of Corenia at this precise moment in time.  You've each endured many hardships and 
challenges to get here, but finally the four warriors of light stand together.
```

This is the moment at which all of the characters will meet and indroduce themselves.  The king will know of their arrival, and
after introductions are complete a page will come to escort them to the throne room.

```
"Greetings, warriors of light ... if that is who you truely are.  I have heard this prophecy from the sage
Lukan, but I am not convinced.  As you have surely seen the world is not in darkness - why would we need 
such champions?  Regardless, since you are here I do require aid, and this will be a worthy quest to prove
yourselves.

My former captain of the guard, Sir Arlan, has kidnapped my youngest daughter Sarah and retreated to the 
ruins of an old temple to the north.  Please make haste to these ruins and rescue my daughter!"
```

The players may ask a few questions of the king before he becomes impatient.  He does not know any reason that Sir
Arlan would perform such an act, nor any other information except that the former knight is skilled with the blade
and a dangerous foe to confront.

The characters can visit the nearby township of Corenia to stock up on any basic supplies at fair market value. No
one in the town is even aware of Sir Arlan's treachery and the kidnapping of the princess, so mentioning it in town
is likely to cause some odd reactions.  Regarding dangers of the path ahead, the townsfolk can reveal that other
than typical wildlife such as bears and wolves the only other known threat is a wandering band of goblins that
usually do not cause any problems.

## Path to the Temple

The temple to which Sir Arlan has fled is about a two day hike north.  The characters will travel through farmlands,
into plains, and finally through some heavily wooded areas before starting to find evidence of the temple.

### Random Encounter
* Animal Den - easy difficulty

It's expected that this encounter may possibly be an introduction to combat for a new system, so scale it such that
the encounter provides some challenge but not so much that the characters must expend a lot of their power to win. 
Animals will fight when backed into a corner, but will look for an opportunity to flee if they fear for their lives.

## Arrival at the Temple
```
A formerly grand temple now lays before you in ruin. The upper floors have completely collapsed, as have
all of the side chambers.  All that remains of this once-glorious structure is the central main hall behind
two closed wooden doors. The doors seem much newer than the rest of the structure, and do not quite match
the architecture.
```

### Encounter
* Goblin raiders - moderate difficulty

Perceptive characters may notice the arrows being nocked, thus avoiding a surprise round.  A decently sized group
of goblins have taken defensive positions around the temple.  It seems that Sir Arlan has promised treasure to these
goblins in exchange for preventing a rescue party from entering the temple.
